FHIR resources exchanged in the execution of a Documentation Templates and Rules (DTR) application are subject to conformance requirements with the following HL7 Implementation Guides.

The Da Vinci DTR Implementation Guide (IG) will make use of US Core profiles that are based on the FHIR R4 specification wherever practical. The DTR IG will use the HL7 FHIR Release 4/US Core STU3 specification as its base but will provide additional guidance and documentation to support implementations that follow the HL7 FHIR STU3/US Core STU2 specifications.

### US Core
The DTR application will access information about a patient to execute rules and gather documentation to satisfy payer needs. To do this, the DTR application will make requests to a FHIR server of the Healthcare Provider Organization's Electronic Health Record (EHR) system. The FHIR server SHALL conform to the [US Core Implementation Guide STU2](http://hl7.org/fhir/us/core/STU2/) when providing access to FHIR STU3. The FHIR server SHALL conform to the [US Core Implementation Guide STU3](http://hl7.org/fhir/us/core/2019Jan/) when providing access to FHIR R4.

### SDC
Payers have documentation requirements and rules that must be satisfied as part of their typical operations when reimbursing for care. In an ideal case, all of the information needed by a payer would be stored in a healthcare provider's EHR system in a structured format for easy retrieval. Unfortunately, this is rarely the case, so measures must be taken to allow users to input information that is not automatically discoverable. To facilitate this, the [Structured Data Capture Implementation Guide](http://hl7.org/fhir/us/sdc/index.html) is used to allow payers to declare information needs and provide the DTR application with a means of obtaining this data from a user.

### CQIF and CQF Questionnaire
Payers will describe their information needs through the FHIR Questionnaire resource. When using FHIR STU3, these resources SHALL conform to the [CQIF Questionnaire Profile](http://hl7.org/fhir/STU3/cqif/cqif-questionnaire.html). When using FHIR R4, these resources SHALL conform to the [CQF Questionnaire Profile](http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/cqf.html). This profile allows the Questionnaire to be associated with the Clinical Quality Language (CQL) used to find the desired information within a patient's data. Further, it allows each individual item in the Questionnaire be associated with an expression in the CQL. 